{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red109\green109\blue109;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red109\green109\blue109;\red127\green127\blue127;\red41\green101\blue168;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14520\viewh14480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
Full Package Media Workplace Survey\
\
\
\
01.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0On a scale of 1 to 10, how happy are you at work?
\b0\fs28 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 02.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Would you refer someone to work here?
\b0\fs28 \
\

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 03.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\cf5 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 Does our company offer adequate opportunities for promotions and career development?
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\'a0\

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 04.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate your work-life balance?
\b0\fs28 \
\

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 05.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Hypothetically, if you were to quit tomorrow, what would your reason be?
\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf6 06.\cf5 \'a0Does our company give you the tools and technologies you need to do your job well?
\b0\fs28 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf6 07.\cf5 \'a0Do you feel as though your job responsibilities are clearly defined?
\b0\fs28 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf6 08.\cf5 \'a0Do you feel like your job utilizes your skills and abilities as much as it could?
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Questions to ask employees about their manager
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 09.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Do you feel valued at work?
\b0\fs28 \
\

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 10.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0How frequently do you receive recognition from your manager?
\b0\fs28 \
\

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 11.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\cf5 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 Do your superiors communicate company news effectively and in a timely manner? 
\b0\fs28 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf6 12.\cf5 \'a0Does management seem invested in the success of the team?
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Employee Retention
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \ulnone \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 13.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Do you believe you'll be able to reach your full potential here?
\b0\fs28 \
\

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 14.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0If you were given the chance, would you reapply to your current job?
\b0\fs28 \
\'a0\

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 15.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Do you foresee yourself working here one year from now?
\b0\fs28 \
\'a0\

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 16.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Do you believe the leadership team takes your feedback seriously?
\b0\fs28 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tinypulse.com/cs/c/?cta_guid=f2cbb8f3-8e70-4534-8477-e9ed49cad0b4&placement_guid=49aaf880-e729-4293-9c99-da34d4c30bab&portal_id=443262&canon=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.tinypulse.com%2Fblog%2Fsk-employee-engagement-survey-questions&redirect_url=APefjpHdKyF3zfdaCTkPqZJvCb1O-IQcDust4er3w2KpBM7napZar_Pu3AkcyCSlKcAgN7DkB0o74sL18BgEKtqtn8erEWyrFBq3mDLaIaL8rYla4rUoNJOWBftmLWIF2vWDrnVZpcBTxfx1bTtwuu86NigJf2e788PEL8wA1VnUHnoXOamnf4g&click=304c0c63-5053-41f4-9a4b-8a001d7f48e0&hsutk=8118a4e7ff0a393d28015574cf22925c&utm_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F&__hstc=225544837.8118a4e7ff0a393d28015574cf22925c.1563465483906.1563465483906.1563465483906.1&__hssc=225544837.1.1563465483908&__hsfp=3907088383"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \cb1 \strokec8 }}\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Employee survey questions about culture
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \ulnone \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 17.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Do you feel like the management team here is transparent?
\b0\fs28 \cf5 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \'a0\

\b\fs48 \cf6 18.\cf5 \'a0Does our executive team contribute to a positive work culture?
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 19.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\ul With eyes closed, can you recite our organization's values?
\b0\fs28 \cf5 \cb1 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \'a0\

\b\fs48 \cf6 20.\cf5 \'a0\ul Do you believe we live authentically by our organizational values?
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 21.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0What three words would you use to describe our culture?
\b0\fs28 \
\'a0\

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 22.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Do you feel like coworkers give each other respect here?
\b0\fs28 \cf5 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf6 23.\cf5 \'a0Do you feel connected to your coworkers?
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl490\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 24.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Do you have fun at work?
\b0\fs28 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 25.\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Do you find your work meaningful or fulfilling?
\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf6 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\
\
\
Survey Pt. 2\
\
\
1. \cf9 What did you expect the pay to be?\cf6  \cf9 Did it meet your expectation? More or Less?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
2. \cf0 Do you currently have a second job/gig outside of FPM?\cf6 \
\
3. \cf0 Roughly, how long have you been working for FPM?\
\cf6 \
4. \cf0 What are some things you like about working for FPM? (
\b0 Examples: pay, taking pictures, seeing houses, the office atmosphere/teammates, team game nights, it\'92s a cool/trendy job!
\b )\cf6 \
\
5. \cf0 What are some things you are unsatisfied with at FPM?\
(
\b0 Examples: job duties, google reviews, driving, gas/mileage compensation, scheduling, interacting with clients, no benefits/1099 position
\b )\
\cf6 \
6. \cf0 What are some things you wish you would have known upon applying for/accepting your current position at FPM?\cf6 \
\
7. \cf0 What are some things you\'92d like to see improved upon or changed regarding your current position at FPM?\
\cf6 \
8. \cf0 On a scale from 1 to 10, how safe do you feel when you\'92re out on the job?\cf6 \
\
9. \cf0 What can FPM do to improve the feeling of safety on the job?\
\cf6 \
10. \cf0 Do you feel this survey will be helpful?\cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\
\
\
}